LAB3.md, before:

# Lab 3 - Responsive Design & Animations

Improve your already amazing landing page

## Customer requirements

- Some of our clients view the landing page on mobile devices (please make the landing page responsive)
  - All elements' sizes should be adjusted for desktop/mobile view. `3 Points`
  - Call to action should be visible on mobile `1 Point`
  - There should be mobile-only elements (example: a section, a title, an image) `1 Point`
    
- We need a mascot for our page similar to Microsoft Clippy, the mascot should:
  - be related to the topic of the landing page `0.4 Points`
  - be friendly/pleasant to the eyes (can be an image or an SVG) `1 Point`
  - appear on the page after some delay on corners or borders of the page `1 Point`
  - be animated (rotating, tilting, jumping, walking) `1.4 Points`
  - display a welcome/CTA/info message when hovering with the mouse `1 Point`
 
## Dev requirements

- Use vanilla CSS and HTML (no frameworks)
- Have a decent git history (no one commit)
- The page with mascot and responsive design should be deployed on a live link

## Links

- https://css-tricks.com/a-complete-guide-to-css-media-queries/
- https://www.w3schools.com/css/css3_animations.asp
- https://css-tricks.com/almanac/properties/a/animation/

Commit message:

Add CSS framework requirement to Lab 3

LAB3.md, after:

# Lab 3 - Responsive Design & Animations

Improve your already amazing landing page

## Customer requirements

- Some of our clients view the landing page on mobile devices (please make the landing page responsive)
  - All elements' sizes should be adjusted for desktop/mobile view. `3 Points`
  - Call to action should be visible on mobile `1 Point`
  - There should be mobile-only elements (example: a section, a title, an image) `1 Point`
    
- We need a mascot for our page similar to Microsoft Clippy, the mascot should:
  - be related to the topic of the landing page `0.4 Points`
  - be friendly/pleasant to the eyes (can be an image or an SVG) `1 Point`
  - appear on the page after some delay on corners or borders of the page `1 Point`
  - be animated (rotating, tilting, jumping, walking) `1.4 Points`
  - display a welcome/CTA/info message when hovering with the mouse `1 Point`
 
## Dev requirements

- Have a decent git history (no one commit)
- The page with mascot and responsive design should be deployed on a live link
- Migrate part or full website to a CSS framework `1 Point`
  - [TailwindCSS](https://tailwindcss.com/)
  - [Bootstrap](https://getbootstrap.com/)
  - [Bulma](https://bulma.io/)
  - [PicoCSS](https://picocss.com/)
  - [UnoCSS](https://unocss.dev/)

## Links

- https://css-tricks.com/a-complete-guide-to-css-media-queries/
- https://www.w3schools.com/css/css3_animations.asp
- https://css-tricks.com/almanac/properties/a/animation/
